DOC CCR Disaster recovery does not handle Security configuration (#85522)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ccr/index.asciidoc

Then, <<ccr-getting-started-tutorial,set up {ccr}>> on your local machine and work
through the demo from the webinar.

> IMPORTANT: In all of these cases <<manually-configure-security, Security is to be configured>> independently for each cluster.
> In particular, no disaster recovery arrangement described bellow handles the replication of Security configuration,
> such as <<native-realm, native users>>, roles, or <<token-authentication-services, token credentials>>.
> Security configuration should be backed up and restored using the <<back-up-specific-feature-state, regular snapshot and restore procedure>>
> for the "security" feature.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: In all of these use cases, you must
<<manually-configure-security,configure security>> independently on every
cluster. The security configuration is not replicated when configuring {ccr} for 
disaster recovery. To ensure that the {es} `security` feature state is backed up,
<<back-up-specific-feature-state,take snapshots>> regularly. You can then restore
the native users, roles, and tokens from your security configuration.
```
